Migrate to the OSTIS Platform 0.10.0 (#61)
ostis-ai/ostis-ui-lib: docs/changelog.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Rename all API classes, methods and objects according to API of the OSTIS Platform 0.10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rename all API classes, methods and objects according to API of the ts-sc-client 0.5.0
```

Reviewer: will you change it?
